They haven't been here yet.
Not yet, huh?
We'll monitor the area here until there's movement!
I-I don't know... No way would I tell you even if I did.
That's what he says. Should we kill him?
We should leave the torture to Ibiki.
No signs of the Akatsuki, after all.
Same here.
It doesn't look like anyone's been through here for several days...
I think it's certain they haven't been here yet.
What's the plan, Aoba?
There are still no requests for backup
from the units that went to the other four Collection Offices.
Which means there's still been no contact with the Akatsuki, huh?
Well, I don't know about that.
They might already be in the middle of a fight right now.
Don't worry.
It'd be reassuring if Asuma's unit
were to make contact with the Akatsuki.
You guys know of his strength better than anyone, right?
That's right.
Yeah, and Shikamaru's with him, too.
All right! Let's head out and work out another strategy.
Let's go!
Let's sort out all the information we have right now.
The Akatsuki have headed for one of the five Collection Offices.
There have been no requests for backup from the other four.
And they haven't been to this Collection Office, yet.
That means...
Right.
There's a chance
they might still be heading for this Collection Office.
That's about the size of it. We'll lie in wait and grab them.
These are all the possible patterns of action for the enemy at this stage.
All of you take up positions and wait as devised earlier!
Yes, sir!
Where'd the Akatsuki go?
Climbing Silver
Took you long enough, Kakuzu!
Too slow.
We got one to start.
That hurts... What's with you jerks?
What's the meaning of this? We pierced his vital spots.
Don't push it in deeper like that!
Hey, that hurts!
Is this guy...immortal?
Isn't it obvious? So...who're you guys?
That mark.
If I remember correctly, it's from the Guardian Shinobi or something...
Are you kidding me?
Do I have to go back inside that smelly Collection Office again?
Chiriku...
We're Hidden Leaf Shinobi.
We've been ordered to either capture or eliminate you Akatsuki.
Akatsuki operate in teams of two.
Our intention was to take down one of you first
and then capture the other.
But you're pretty tough, as was expected.
So this is the Akatsuki, huh? What insane ability.
My Shadow Sewing probably won't...
You jerks went after us in the wrong order.
Where's the other one?
The Jutsu's broken!
Kotetsu, Izumo, get back!
Sure enough, the guy in the middle...
This is a first, you being interested in money, Hidan.
Kakuzu...
You stay out of this.
I'm going to use these guys for my ritual.
I'll give you the money.
Kakuzu...and Hidan, huh?
Very well... But don't get careless. You'll die.
I told you. Don't give me that.
If they could kill me, I'd want them to.
Well... I guess it's impossible, huh?!
What's he going to do with that diagram?
I'll charge him.
Shikamaru, exploit an opening
and restrain the immortal guy with your Shadow Sewing.
It doesn't have to be for long.
I'll cut his head off immediately and stop his movements.
That's too risky. This isn't like you.
I should go with you.
Don't you get it?!
That's the best thing we can do right now!
I've never seen Asuma look like this before.
These guys are way stronger than me.
Izumo, Kotetsu, you guys back up Shikamaru
while keeping an eye on the other Akatsuki guy.
If we know what they're capable of, then all the more reason
we should pull out for now and plan a strategy.
They won't let us get away that easily.
If we try to escape without putting up a fight,
we'll be completely wiped out...
If that happens, the Hidden Leaf
will be in even greater danger.
It's like sending in an advance unit to break through enemy lines.
Sometimes you have to be able to make a move like that.
I thought you didn't like moves like that. Just like me...
Sacrifice is required in order to protect the king
when your opponent is extremely skilled.
Don't tell me he's going to sacrifice himself.
One of them has great physical strength with unknown abilities.
One of them is immortal.
Indeed, we don't stand much of a chance.
Even so, I can't believe Asuma would use himself as a sacrificial piece.
Shogi? What a pain...
I know you're lazy.
And I also know that you're good at
planning strategies for avoiding trouble.
In Shogi, you can create a variety of situations
by utilizing the individual characteristics of the various pieces.
It's the perfect game for a person like you
who's good at coming up with strategies.
You should be able to figure out
most of the rules if you read this book.
The rest you'll pick up as you play.
It's a pain, but I should have it down in ten minutes.
I-I lost...
You don't have to go easy on me... Seriously.
But I can't believe you'd go with the Climbing Silver.
It was in this book.
It said to use an advance unit to break through enemy lines.
Are you that upset you lost?
No. Using advance units as sacrificial pieces
to break through enemy lines, huh?
It seems like the rational kind of idea you would come up with...
But I don't really like it.
It's just a game.
I guess. But the Climbing Silver piece,
while inflicting a lot of damage and undermining the enemy line,
ends up becoming a sacrificial piece.
Certainly taking each other's pieces is a natural part of the game.
But to consider throwing away your pieces to be by-the-book...
I guess I'm not quite satisfied with that.
I'm not as rational as you say I am.
Shall we play again?
This time I'll take it nice and slow,
and I won't use the Climbing Silver.
Breaking through enemy lines...
Which means these enemies are so powerful,
he thinks using sacrificial pieces is inevitable, huh?
Indeed, we Chunin would not be pieces
that could put pressure on these guys.
Furthermore, Asuma would be at an overwhelming disadvantage
if he had to fight while protecting us.
We could very well be completely wiped out as Asuma said.
What's the best move?
They are major pieces, no doubt about it.
Bait is necessary to capture a major piece.
We need bait that's big enough to make them think
it's an unavoidable price to pay for the capture of a major piece.
We're not good enough... to be bait.
If we have to fight with the pieces we have available to us now...
The Climbing Silver doesn't suit you.
I won't be a mere sacrificial piece. I've got you with me, after all.
How pathetic...
I can't be the bait and I can't put pressure on the enemy.
But I'll divert the major pieces like crazy.
Are you done with your little strategy session?
Getting cut up like that hurts like heck, you jerks.
Divine justice will be handed down to you jerks
who know nothing of the pain of others.
You've got a nice weapon there!
Asuma!
Damn it! Reach!
I'm finished if I get hit by that.
I'll break you over and over again.
Shikamaru... That's fine.
He has to fight while watching out for your Shadow Sewing.
I have the advantage.
Damn it!
Indeed, my Shadow Sewing attack is creating
an advantageous battle for Asuma.
Essentially, we're not mistaken...
But there's no point to having an advantage in this fight.
He's immortal,
and we have a limit to our Chakra and our lives.
The real battle won't begin until I grab him.
I don't have the time to think now.
I don't think so!
Oh no!
That stance!
How's Chiriku's Jutsu?
Naturally, Chiriku's is much more impressive than mine, though.
Damn it!
Hidan! Don't underestimate them.
Keep quiet!
Just shut up and watch, Kakuzu.
Nice!
As one would expect, the two of them are in synch.
It appears he really is going to stay out of this.
Even so, we can't trust him to do that.
You almost got him just now, Shikamaru.
More importantly...
Could you back me up?
You guys are too desperate.
Atheists always try to escape death with the most efficient approach.
It's totally obvious!
You play around too much when you fight.
Now!
This time you've got nowhere to run.
Then I won't dodge!
Immortal jerk!
I guess I'll take care of the small fries first.
Oh no!
I'm your opponent!
Captain Asuma!
If combo and pinpoint attacks won't hit...
Burning Ash!
He stopped his movements?
What's happening?
He's the one who was nailed by the Jutsu?
Why's the captain...?!
Don't tell me...this is...!
Hey, did you figure something out, Shikamaru?
I don't know what kind of approach he used.
But his and Asuma's body might be connected
with some kind of mechanism.
Say what?!
Connected? What does that mean?!
Next time: "The Judgment"